1.
Question 1
Which directories are commonly used to store custom service providers for third-party libraries in a Laravel project?

  

app/Providers



config



resources/views



routes


1 point
2.
Question 2
Which of the following is an advantage of using Laravel's Eloquent ORM for database interactions?

  

It requires less memory and CPU usage than raw SQL queries.



It provides a visual interface for designing database tables.



It allows developers to write raw SQL queries directly in their PHP code.



It automatically generates database tables and schema.


1 point
3.
Question 3
In Laravel, what is the purpose of the csrf field when creating HTML forms?

  

It specifies the character set for form data encoding.



It includes a hidden field with a cross-site request forgery (CSRF) token.



It defines the form's submission method (GET or POST).



It sets the form's action URL.


1 point
4.
Question 4
Which of the following best describes the use of PHP functions?

  

PHP functions are primarily used for defining middleware.



PHP functions are primarily used for defining database migrations.



PHP functions are used to encapsulate reusable blocks of code and perform specific tasks.



PHP functions are used for defining API resources.


1 point
5.
Question 5
In Laravel, where are CSRF tokens typically included within forms?

  

In the form's action URL.



In the form's method attribute.



In the form's CSS stylesheets.



As hidden input fields within the form.


1 point
6.
Question 6
Which of the following Laravel validation rules checks that a user-provided input is a positive integer?

  

integer



numeric



positive



integer and min:1


1 point
7.
Question 7
Which of the following is true about PHP comments?

  

PHP comments are used to add explanations or notes within the code but are not executed.



PHP comments are executed as part of the code.



PHP comments are used to define routes in a Laravel application.



PHP comments are used for creating database migrations.


1 point
8.
Question 8
Which of the following is an example of role-based authorization in Laravel using middleware?

  

Applying a middleware that checks if the user's name matches a specific role.



Applying a middleware that validates the user's email address format.



Applying a middleware that generates PDF reports based on the user's role.



Applying a middleware that restricts access to a route based on the user's role.


1 point
9.
Question 9
What is the purpose of Laravel's VerifyCsrfToken middleware?

  

To verify the authenticity of user login credentials.



To verify the authenticity of CSRF tokens in incoming requests.



To validate and sanitize user inputs in form submissions.



To enforce HTTPS connections for secure communication.


1 point
10.
Question 10
In PHP, what is the purpose of the array_push() function?

  

array_push() defines routes in a Laravel application.



array_push() is used to define middleware.



array_push() is used for creating database migrations.



array_push() is used to add elements to the end of an array.


1 point
11.
Question 11
In Laravel, what is the purpose of the config method when using a third-party library?

  

It configures the server environment for the library.



It publishes the configuration files of the library to the config directory.



It installs the library via Composer.



It initializes the library's database tables.


1 point
12.
Question 12
In Laravel, what is the primary purpose of role-based authentication?

  

To encrypt sensitive user data during transmission.



To prevent unauthorized access to specific resources or actions based on user roles.



To validate the format of user input data.



To generate dynamic HTML forms based on user roles.


1 point
13.
Question 13
Which of the following Laravel functions is commonly used to check if a user has a specific role?

  

Auth::user()->hasRole()



Auth::checkRole()



Role::hasUser()



User::hasPermission()


1 point
14.
Question 14
Which Laravel Blade directive is used to loop through an array and generate HTML for each item?

  

@each



@loop



@for



@foreach


1 point
15.
Question 15
What is the purpose of the @if directive in Laravel Blade templates?

  

It defines a new route in the Laravel application.



It includes a subview or partial view in the template.



It allows you to render content based on a condition conditionally.



It defines a new PHP function.


1 point
16.
Question 16
Which Laravel component allows you to manage the dependencies and installation of PHP libraries?

  

Blade Templating Engine



Composer



Artisan Console



Eloquent ORM


1 point
17.
Question 17
When integrating a PHP library into a Laravel project, which of the following is NOT a common step?

  

Adding the library's namespace to the autoloader.



Registering a service provider if the library requires it.



Configuring the library by adding settings to the .env file.



Modifying the core Laravel code to accommodate the library.


1 point
18.
Question 18
Which of the following validly uses the filter_var function in PHP for input validation and sanitization?

  

$email = filter_var($input, FILTER_VALIDATE_EMAIL);



$input = filter_var($email, FILTER_SANITIZE_STRING);



$url = filter_var($input, FILTER_VALIDATE_URL);



$input = filter_var($username, FILTER_SANITIZE_EMAIL);


1 point
19.
Question 19
Which of the following best describes the difference between authentication and authorization in Laravel?

  

Authentication verifies the user's identity, while authorization controls what actions or resources the user can access.



Authentication and authorization are two terms for the same process and have no difference.



Authentication deals with user roles, while authorization deals with user passwords.



Authentication ensures that the user's browser is compatible with the Laravel framework.


1 point
